welcome to gaming imperative today we're
going to talk about the attachments
notably the sights on the guns so we're
going to break down the reflex the ACOG
the eotech which is my new favorite and
we're going to talk about the hybrid so
couple things early on this year more
than any of the year attachments are
allegedly going to provide a bonus to
your attached to your accuracy and stuff
so let's take a look this is the M time
with no attachments obviously if I is
pretty clean anyways not a lot of kick
on the gun as it is I'm going to
highlight the area in red just to show
you what the spray radius was so let's
take a look at the MTA me down scope
with the reflex sight now the reflex
sight is the first sight unlocked in the
game as you can see a little bit of an
improvement there not a lot not not as
much as I would expect for the amount of
accuracy it is supposedly gives you now
let's take a look at the eotech now the
eotech is new it's supposed to replace
the I guess what would be the
holographic sight although I think it
gives you a little bit more than that
take a look what smaller of a circle
there to demonstrate it's a much more
accurate gun now finally we got the ACOG
now the ACOG is more for long-range
however it gives you accuracy bonus
according to the title so let's take a
look and as you can see it's really it's
a lot bigger than what you would expect
from an acog I don't know and then we
get the hybrid which is back from modern
warfare 3 it's got two sites this is the
reflex portion of the site and you can
see I didn't give me all the bullets
spray on the wall there but you get the
idea smaller I noticed with this one
with the ACOG there's a lot less kick on
the ACOG on the hybrid for some reason I
don't know if this is a glitch in the
game but I'll to look into the further
that and kind of watch that justice ace
I put the eotech up there again just so
you can see how much better it is now I
broke them all down zoomed in and
equally in all of them and you can see
the eotech and the reflex are pretty
close I just felt like the eotech have a
better feel for it and I guess the
sights on the gun the reticle is there
are a little bit better so thanks for
watching if you liked it please please
subscribe more breakdown videos to come
you